Add a warning about using React 19 meta API instead of meta function. (#13586)
remix-run/react-router: docs/start/framework/route-module.md

Route meta defines meta tags to be rendered in the `<head>` of the document.

<docs-warning>

> Since the version 19 of React, the use of the built-in `<meta>` support is recommended other the use of the `meta` function. You can find the documentation [here](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/components/meta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since React 19, [using the built-in `<meta>` element](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/components/meta) is recommended over the use of the route module's `meta` export.
```
Improved the grammar and clarity a bit here.

> Here is an snippet code equivalent of the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to use it and the `<title>` element:
```
